[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
The main event of the World
Martial Arts Tournament
was underway--
and Krillin surprised no one
by making quick work
of his over-sized
and under-trained opponent.
However, things did not
continue as expected
in Piccolo's Round 2.
[PICCOLO]
Who are you?
You will know.
Very soon.
[SHIN] You will know.
[PICCOLO]
I'm sorry, I--
I concede.
What?
[NARRATOR] Incredibly,
Piccolo bowed out
of the tournament
without a fight.
What secret does Shin's
mysterious smirk conceal
that has the mighty
Namek so intimidated?
The answer will have to wait,
as Videl and Spopovitch
take to the ring for
match number three.
And while all bets are on
Mr. Satan's daughter
for the win,
something about her
opponent seems unusual.
The tournament continues--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[CROWD] Go Videl! Go Videl!
Go Videl! Go Videl!
[CROWD continues chanting]
[SPOPOVITCH grunting]
[growls]
[VIDEL]
Can we say "bleck"?
[grunting]
Oh wow,
he looks really intense--
[GOKU]
Hmm?
That's right!
You go, girl!
Heh.
Telling ya, this dude is
gonna be a total pushover.
[POLICEMEN]
Go, Videl! Fight, fight!
Wow, I had no idea
Gohan's little girlfriend
was so popular.
No joke.
Wait. They're,
actually dating?
How 'bout that!
Our Gohan's certainly
coming up in the world, huh?
You bet!
We're all coming up
in the world
thanks to her
being fabulously rich!
I'll be the luckiest
mother-in-law ever!
Sure, as long
as you don't mind
putting up with
her troll of a dad.
[laughs]
C'mon, you can't
hold that against her.
She can't help who
her parents are, right?
[CROWD cheering]
[growling]
I don't know about
you, ladies and gentlemen,
but I am breathless
with anticipation!
Match Three, begin!
[growling]
[CROWD cheering]
Something wrong?
Look, I'm just
throwing this out there,
but by chance, are you--?
Yes?
Well, are you--
are you the Grand Kai?
Sorry. I'm afraid not.
What a foolish question.
He's Supreme Kai.
Su--Supreme Kai?
[SUPREME KAI chuckles]
Oh, yeah!
Videl unleashes a barrage
of precision attacks!
What speed!
Her opponent has
no time to react!
[yells]
I'd appreciate you keeping
this to yourself.
For the moment,
I prefer the others
not know that I'm here.
So, he really exists.
[PICCOLO] Of course, it's
well known the four Kai
answer to the Grand Kai.
But the one he answers to,
I've only ever
heard rumors about.
This is the stuff of myth.
[PICCOLO] Saying he's
in a class by himself
is an understatement!
Whoa. Hey, you all right?
What'd that guy say to you
that's got you so upset?
He wasn't rude
to you, was he?
You want me to set
him straight for you?
Ah! No! Please! Bad idea!
Uh. I mean, just
stay clear of him!
I'm begging you!
[KING KAI] That fella's
the Supreme Kai?
Now there's something you
don't see every day, I guess.
[KING KAI] Feel like
I should've recognized him,
except, oh right:
we've never met.
Still. What on Earth
is he doing,
well, on Earth?
[ANNOUNCER]
Uh-oh!
The bigger they are,
the harder they fall!
Right!
Starting the count!
[CROWD gasps]
Looks like I spoke
too soon, folks!
He's up!
Oh, the determination
of this man!
Guy sure takes
a hit better than
the last time he was here.
So his look
isn't the only thing
that's changed, huh?
Yeah.
Took me a while
to recognize him.
Just doesn't seem right.
[SPOPOVITCH groans]
[ANNOUNCER] There's no denying
Videl's hits are powerful.
But they seem to be rolling off
Spopovitch like water
off a duck's back!
[VIDEL yells]
[MALE SPECTATOR 13A]
Do yourself a favor, pal!
Stay down!
[ANNOUNCER] Has our giant
fallen off the beanstalk?
No, he has not!
Spopovitch is up
and ready for more!
[SPOPOVITCH growls]
How's she doing out there?
She's takin' it to 'im.
Yeah. She's got the big
guy totally outclassed.
Every single attack
is hitting home.
Ha! Someone's
too easily impressed.
[ANNOUNCER]
Down he goes again!
Isn't this little
lady something?
I mean, seriously.
Spopovitch may look
like a wall of meat,
but Videl's
no vegetarian!
Thi-This is terrible.
Where's my writer?
You got this!
Lookin' good, V!
That little honey knows
how to put a man in his place.
Yeah. In fact
I'm starting to think
she and Gohan are
made for each other.
You said a mouthful.
And think of the grandkids!
He's putting a
ring on that finger
if I have to do it myself!
Yeah, well.
Wouldn't count my chickens 'fore
they're hatched if I were you.
See? What'd I tell ya;
she's awesome!
Huh?
[CROWD gasps]
[SPOPOVITCH growls]
Uh! No way!
[ANNOUNCER]
Holy mackerel!
From flat on his face
to firm on his feet, again!
This is one tough customer!
[growling]
[ANNOUNCER]
Unbelievable!
In all my years as emcee,
I've never seen the like!
A human sponge!
Whatever she throws
at him, he just absorbs!
Learn when to quit! Ugh!
Yeah! He's through!
[ANNOUNCER]
It's over!
[CROWD cheers]
[ANNOUNCER] I'm no doctor,
ladies and gentlemen,
but recovering from a knee
strike like that after such
a devastating volley
of gut punches
has got to be a textbook--
[ANNOUNCER stammers]
[CROWD gasps]
'Kay. Maybe not.
What the--? No way!
She needs to drop out. Now.
Something's not
right about him.
--Huh?
--Now, wait. What?
But C'mon, how much
longer can he last?
[GOHAN]
Yeah! She's winning!
[SPOPOVITCH chuckles]
Videl!
Oh, Videl!
Heh. Aw, she's fine.
Just lulling the guy into
a false sense of security.
Shake it off!
Come on! Let's go!
No future
daughter-in-law of mine
is gonna be a wimp, y'hear?
Somebody's got
the nagging future
mother-in-law
role down pat.
Heh. Yeah.
[chuckles]
Ringout!
Oh, no!
[energy surge sound]
She-- Uh...
Wow! She seems
to be soaring
through the air with
the greatest of ease!
Technically,
we don't have a ringout!
[panting]
Uh. Okay.
She can fly?
[GOHAN]
Atta girl!
I, uh--I taught her how
to do that, by the way.
She'd have probably
been better off to
let herself be thrown
out of the ring.
I don't know
what it is about this
Spopovitch guy but...
it's so strange.
He's powerful
enough to shake off
Videl's attacks,
but I haven't sensed
his energy this whole time.
[GOHAN] Are you--
Are you saying
he's not giving off any?
[GOKU]
Nope. Not a spark.
What?
When's the last time you've
had those glasses checked?
Uh, I--
[laughs]
Look. Get your
facts straight.
There's no way
my little girl is losing
to a third-rate hack
I crushed like a paper ball
in round one the last time
we held this thing.
So trust me,
Spopowhowhatzit's
got nothing on her.
Well, no question
she's good, sir,
but she does seem
to be struggling.
[laughs]
Showmanship!
That's all!
She's taking a page
from her old man,
making sure the audience
feels like they're gettin'
a bang for their
hard-earned buck.
Really?
You want me
to say it twice?
[panting]
[screams]
[ANNOUNCER]
Unbelievable!
Videl kicked him with such
force, the man's neck is...
...broken!
Uh. That's not good.
Uh oh. She--
She killed the poor guy!
[CROWD gasps]
Marron, don't look.
Folks. This, uh--
This is truly a tragic
turn of events indeed.
In accordance
with tournament policy,
because of Spopovitch's
untimely demise,
I'm afraid Videl
forfeits the match
to her late opponent.
[CROWD gasps]
What the--? Aaah!
[SPOPOVITCH grunts]
Uh, I--He-- His neck
is somehow back on straight!
What is going on here?
No. You're... not real!
[SPOPOVITCH chuckles]
[VIDEL yelps]
I see Goku's point.
She should bow
out now while she can.
Whatever this freak is,
he's definitely not human.
[yells]
[ANNOUNCER]
There she goes!
Videl's taken
to the skies again!
[panting]
Good! That's it!
Stay up there a while.
Keep some distance between you
till your strength comes back!
[chuckles]
Oh, no!
That's not fair!
If I weren't seeing
it with my own eyes,
Spopovitch is also able to fly!
Really?
[chuckles]
So, uh. Wait.
Random question: is flying
the new thing, or what?
Whoa. That's
a bit over the top.
Since when's he
been able to do that?
He can't be the same man.
No he can't.
[chuckles]
[VIDEL]
I don't believe this!
What am I supposed to do now?
[yells]
[gasps]
Haa!
[VIDEL groans]
Y--You're kidding me!
[laughs]
[VIDEL] What have I
gotten myself into?
I don't like
where this is going.
It wasn't much,
but that was still an
energy blast he released!
Don't be fooled.
He won't risk
being disqualified.
The man's intentionally
holding back.
Yeah, but--
But how?
Something he's
done between now
and the last tournament
has given the guy
powers way beyond
what's natural to him.
Think about it.
No one thought
Spopovitch had a chance,
but somehow, he's flying
and firing energy blasts?
So what in the
world's going on?
I have no idea.
All I can tell you for sure is
he shouldn't have these powers.
[CROWD cheering]
[VIDEL] I'm not done
with you yet, buddy.
This is Videl
you're dealing with.
Daughter of the man who beat
Cell and saved the world!
You don't scare me.
[yelling]
[VIDEL groans]
The mighty Videl goes down!
Folks, this could be the end!
No!
That feisty spirit hasn't
been extinguished just yet!
Bruised and battered,
she's determined to rise!
Yeah. Like I'm the
kind of gal to give up.
[NARRATOR] Spopovitch has
proven himself a much fiercer
competitor than anyone would
have thought possible!
But what could be the source
of his sudden
superhuman strength?
Only one thing is certain:
Videl is in store
for the fight of her life--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
All right Spopovtich,
that settles it!
You're now officially
on my bad side!
No one acts
that way to a lady!
[GOHAN] You'll pay for
this you freak of nature!
You hear me?
You will pay!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[MR. SATAN] Back off, baldy!
Any punk who messes with
my little girl is gonna
have to answer to me!